well howdy there internet people its boa
Garin so today we're gonna talk about
Tulsa like everybody else I'm sure the
difference is I'm gonna try to keep the
jokes to a minimum I mean there's no way
to talk about this and it might be funny
but I'm gonna try to keep the jokes to a
minimum because something actually
important happened there something we
should really be talking about because
Trump without a doubt displayed that he
is completely unfit to lead anything
ever but because what happened is so
funny we're all so busy laughing we're
not really talking about the important
thing that happened to get to the
important thing though we do have to go
through the chain of events yeah so
before we get into that we need to just
kind of remind ourselves that before any
of this actually started there was
already controversy because of the date
and the location and the fact that right
now it's a really bad idea to pack a
whole bunch of people together in a
building tightly like that that's that's
not a good idea right now
keep that in mind as we talk about this
okay so the chain of events goes like
this
Trump says there's going to be giant
crowds because a million people are
interested in it or whatever yeah he
blew the numbers out of proportion he
exaggerated its Trump we know he does if
that's not a big deal the realistic
number of people that were interested
was like 800,000 kind of but that's not
true either we'll get to that with that
number had that number been true you
could reasonably expect like a hundred
thousand people right so you would have
to prepare for that the venue only holds
20,000 so they built the stage outside
to handle the overflow of the just
swarms of the great unwashed masses that
would be traveling from all over the
country to
come see dear leader okay
6,200 people showed up as reported by
Forbes 6200 so we go a million eight
hundred thousand a hundred thousand six
thousand two hundred yes it's funny make
all the jokes you want okay so how did
that happen because the Trump campaign
is completely out of touch with America
the demographic that he likes to make
fun of and that he and his crew called
Millennials they're not but whatever um
you know the ones that he paints is lazy
and you know can't get anything done
those people they trolled him they told
him they used multiple email addresses
to expressed interest and requests
tickets so it gave them this inflated
number that was completely unrealistic
and they should have known that but they
didn't because they are out of touch
with America this little gag that the
younger Americans were playing on Trump
was not a secret it was all over Twitter
their tick-tock videos with like a
million views talking about it everybody
knew this was happening except the Trump
campaign apparently so they get their
6,200 people there yeah they had to tear
down the stage outside and never got
used they didn't have to give two
speeches but this is where it gets
serious a venue for 20,000 people and
they had 6,200 what they do
they packed them all together anyway
with a crowd as Tiny as Trump's hands
they packed him together any way they
could have socially distanced they could
have Sprott him out they could have led
they could have protected the health of
the country the health of their biggest
supporters but they didn't they chose
not to for a photo-op to appease Trump's
ego to make it look like he was speaking
to a huge crowd like we wouldn't notice
that the top of it was pretty much empty
jeopardized the health of their biggest
supporters and apparently nobody on the
campaign thought to space them out to
try to protect them to try to mitigate
the danger they had put him in even
though they had him sign a waiver
because they don't care they don't care
about the average voter they care about
Trump and that ego if he is willing to
jeopardize the health of his biggest
supporters he is certainly willing to
jeopardize national security the economy
are standing on the international stage
for his own interests he showed his true
self there he jeopardized his biggest
supporters this isn't a red state blue
state thing everybody there was on his
team and did nothing to protect them
you know and from a PR standpoint think
about it just from public relations had
they spread people out it wouldn't have
looked so empty and yeah well yeah it's
a small crowd but you know what we had
to stop letting people and because we
want to keep people safe I mean yeah
that would have been a lie but it's the
Trump administration they're gonna lie
anyway so I mean that dad doesn't really
factor into it they could have kept
people safe and he chose not to for his
own ego
that's embarrassing that is embarrassing
he could have protected the country he
could have protected Tulsa but he chose
not to for a photo op for a fail of a
rally he's not fit to lead anything
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night